{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Final Project Ideas\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Estimated Time: 1.0 Final Project Ideas\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 -School Visit Planner\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 As an admissions officer, planning school visits is a very tedious task. You have to choose locations, find available times and then put together a schedule that will fit in each of these times along with traffic patterns. I would like to create a project that takes in locations that someone needs to visit and available visit times, then suggests the best itineraries. I imagine that this will involve storing locations in the database and using some kind of mapping API. To look at optimal routes, I may use a grid.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 -College application planner\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 Applying for college can be a stressful experience. Schools will bombard applicants with communications but it\u8217's hard to keep track of everything. I want to create a program that will give applicants a central resource to keep track of the application process. Tools include school visit planning, keeping track of deadlines, and notifying you when a school on your list is visiting your area.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 -Travel Planning\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 When I travel, I always worry about making the most of my time. What are the places I have to see? What about to eat? I end up doing a lot of research and planning and then when I get there, inevitably something doesn\u8217't go as I planned and the vacation becomes more work than fun. I want to create a website that will act as your personal travel agent. Enter destinations, days, food preferences, lodging and budget. We\u8217'll create the itinerary. Drag and drop location you would like to visit. Select your pace.\par}
}
